Now when it comes to authorization servers, you have a number of options.
You could build your own.
Spring provides a framework for you to do this.
You could go for an out-of-the-box solution.
There are many products from commercial to open source available.
Or you can go with an identity as a service provider.
Now there are pros and cons from each approach.
And from my experience,
an out-of-the-box solution or an identity provider as a
service is probably the best way to go.
Building an authorization server from the ground up is a lot of work,
and it's not easy to get right.
However,
I will go over how you'd go about creating one with Spring
Security and then show you an open source, out-of-the-box solution with Keycloak.